What's the big deal?
Your Highness, it is better for you to avoid it
Recently, the prince has done a few things
They are all beautiful, and I appreciate you more and more.
This is the tiger talisman of the army building.
This tiger talisman will be handed over to you from today
later
The military planes of the building army are all under your control
Thank you resurrection
King You can speak now, right?
See you king
In the future, everything in the army can be reported to the Grand Master
Your Majesty, Aguda, the Grand Master of Dajin
The morning has come with the minister
It has been arranged in Kowloon.
I want to meet His Highness
It's ready to go to the hall tomorrow
But Your Majesty, this is very troublesome.
This great country of gold is Aguda
Is a world-renowned wise man
This time
It is to nourish the blood of the saint imprisoned by the prince
And the killing of the messenger of Dajin Kingdom before
I'm afraid it will make trouble for this.
His Royal Highness the Prince is reckless
Offended the golden man, there is no room for maneuver
I suggest
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince personally went to Daijin State Affairs Aguda
Apologize to his liquor store
Fang is the best policy
Aguda, the national teacher of the Great Jin Kingdom
Is it very prestigious in Daikin?
Yes, Your Majesty
This Great Golden Kingdom's national teacher is sloppy
It is the minister who has repeatedly requested the dishes to come
now
Enjoying him is the only way out for my heroic kingdom
The prince really offended the golden man
Can't end
Only sacrifice face
laugh
Make me bow to the new man
Absolutely impossible
court tomorrow
I'd rather see this legendary wise man
How many heads are there?
Lao Tzu is dignified
985 top students trained by education now
Can be afraid of an ancient